I will listen, and listen, and then listen again before calling.
================================================================
This seems so obvious but it is the most vital thing to do. Careful listening
rather than rushing to transmit will get the DX into your log. You must listen
to find out whether the DX is working split and if so, where is he listening?
Then you need to listen to the calling stations in order to determine what the
DX station is doing. For example, he may be working gradually up or down the
pile-up frequency range - and you need to find the best spot to call. And it
may be time to ask yourself: "Do I really need to work this bit of DX, right
now? Can I wait a while for the pile-up to subside?"

I will only call if I can copy the DX station properly.
=======================================================
You also need to listen carefully to determine how well you can hear the DX
station to be sure you will hear his reply to your call and to avoid causing
interference by transmitting at the wrong time. It is extremely frustrating
for a DX station to return a call to a station that is unable to hear him,
thereby causing incessant QRM.  

I will not trust the DX cluster and will be sure of the DX station's call sign
before calling.
==============================================================================
Cluster spots often show the wrong call sign. Before you log a station, you
should hear the station's callsign on the air - don't trust spotting networks.
The DX operator should send his call sign at regular intervals. Unfortunately,
not all operators do this!  

I will not interfere with the DX station nor anyone calling and will never
tune up on the DX frequency or in the QSX slot.
==========================================================================
Sadly, this covers a multitude of operators, employing poor operating
practices. We are frequently afflicted with "Policemen," people who repeatedly
jump in to tell callers that "the DX is listening up" - often adding a
gratuitous insult. The rule is quite simple: never, ever transmit on the DX
frequency for any purpose whatsoever. 

I will pay attention to the operator's instructions if he is operating "split"
so as to stay in his preferred bandwidth.

I will wait for the DX station to end a contact before I call.
==============================================================
If you transmit before a QSO is over, you are likely to interfere with the
exchange of information, lengthening the QSO and slowing the process. It may
seem clever to "nip in" as the previous contact is ending but many DX stations
don't like it, as such operating may break the pattern of the operator, which
is what helps everyone to know when to transmit.  

I will always send my full call sign.
=====================================
This is essential for CW and SSB, because incomplete calls lead to an extra
transmission, slowing the operator's progress with the pileup. If the operator
is responding to partial call signs, it may appear that you should call with
only several letters. Generally, this is not the case. Always use your full
call sign.

I will call and then listen for a reasonable interval. I will not call
continuously.
======================================================================
Continuous calling is selfish and arrogant. With a computer or memory keyer,
it is easy to send continuously. Unfortunately, it prevents you from listening
and knowing what is taking place. In addition, it raises the QRM floor greatly,
making life difficult for the DX station and everyone else.  

I will not transmit when the DX operator calls another call sign, not mine.
===========================================================================
Perhaps this is intuitively obvious, but it is a common occurrence. If it is
clear that the station is not calling you, do not transmit.

I will not transmit when the DX operator queries a call sign not like mine.
===========================================================================
In life outside amateur radio it would simply be considered rude to answer
when someone else is asked a question! How do you know if the station is
calling you? Perhaps the DX operator has a partial version of your call. Is it
me? "The timing is right!" Yes, the timing may seem right, but it may also be
"right" for many other stations. If the DX is actually calling you and hears
nothing, he will call you again. Then you can call. Only one letter from your
call sign is NOT enough, however. Calling when not being addressed raises the
floor level of QRM and slows progress dramatically.

I will not transmit when the DX station requests geographic areas other than
mine.
============================================================================
You must recognise and accept that when an operator is calling for a specific
geographic area (e.g. NA for North America, AS for Asia ), you must not call
until the operator's instructions change. Even if his choice appears incorrect,
you must follow his instructions. The DX operator is in control. Here's an
important point: If a DX operator is working, some area, perhaps North America,
and he fails to say so between QSOs, do not begin calling immediately. Call
only when it is clear that the operator's instructions have changed. To do
otherwise is impolite and simply slows the process. 

When the DX operator calls me, I will not repeat my call sign unless I think he
has copied it incorrectly.
===============================================================================
If you repeat your call sign, the DX station may think that he has your call
sign wrong. He might then listen very carefully - again - thus slowing the
process. A DX operator will generally log what he has if you say nothing
further.

I will be thankful if and when I do make a contact.
===================================================
There should certainly be a pride of accomplishment when you get a QSO with a
guy in a far-away entity. But before you start basking in the glow of
accomplishment, think about the help you received from your partners, perhaps
Mr. Icom, Mr. Alpha, and Mr. Force 12. If your ego still feels a need to take
ALL the credit, try again. But this time turn off your amplifier and connect
your rig barefoot to a dipole. If you get through the pile up this time, then
YOU, as the operator, can take more of the credit.

You should also acknowledge that you would not have had the contact without
the skill of the operator at the other end who undoubtedly made sacrifices
to be there for you. So be thankful for all this help you received.

I will respect my fellow hams and conduct myself so as to earn their respect.
=============================================================================
Respect is about behaving well toward others. DXing is very competitive. If you
operate otherwise, you may acquire a bad reputation. DXing will be the most fun
for everyone if we all behave with politeness, mutual respect and even a bit of
humility!

